W e scientists have been seriously observing animal behavior  r well over a hundred years. the study of why animals play has only recently become a serious research topic. At least three di知rent theories have been advanced to explain the phenomenon
The first theory is called the surplus energy theory. This theory maintains that some animals, mammals for example, are so e icient at using energy that they often do not manage to spend all the ene屯y they receive through food. They end up with unused, surplus enery that they cannot store. According to this theory, animals have to play to get rid of the surplus energy that they have not used.
A second theo  is called the instinct-practice theory. It states that young animals play as part of their physical education. The physical actions that animals will need to use for survival are instinctual, that is, preprogrammed in their brains. The animals, however, have to train their bodies to be able to perform these actions. So this theory explains why the play of young animals centers on real-life tasks. For example, predatory animals those that hunt, 回I, and consume other animals for food have often been obsen,ed attacki鸣 and bit西during play, which are precisely the skills they will need in order to hunt for f d
A third theory, called the social functions theory, is that animals play to establish social relationships within their group. Basically, play gives animals a chance to bond with the other members in their group. For example, in a study of rats, those that played together made high-pitched squeaks that were accompanied by the release of pleasure-causi1屯chemicals in the brain. This ass iation of play with pleasure may motivate the animals to stay together as a hannonious group even while not playing

**Practice**

The reading passage and lecture hold `different` opinions regarding the reason `why animal play`. The reading passage proposes three theories to explain `such behavior`, which are `contradicted` by the following lecture.

First, according to the reading, `the animals have to play to get rid of  the surplus energy that they have not used`. The listening, however, argues that such explanation is weakend by the fact that `certain marine mamals, such as seals, still play when they are waiting for food when their parents are hunting. At this time there is no energy input for them.`

Second, according to the reading, `the animals have to play to practice physical actions they nedd for survival. It states that young aninals play as part of their physical education.` The listening, however, argues that such explanation is weakend by an experiment. `There are two groups of cats, one group is permit to play and another is not allowed to play. But when they grow up, the hunting skills between the two groups have no difference.`

The third theory in the reading is called the `social fucntions theory,` claim that `play gives animals a chance to bond with the other member in their group.`  Yet the listening opposes, claiming that `play is not necessary for aninals to bond with other member.` That's because that `rats only play when they are very young, but they still need to develope their social abilities when they stop playing anymore.`